youtube was good your boy hydro a new
with another vid this is of the dorm
baka air force one low supreme not sure
with that I / always but that's the db4
doernbecher and official colorway is
black metallic black metallic silver and
PSN green I guess I'm not too sure but
I'm yet this is another dope doernbecher
I have to say this is like one of it
this I mean it's not competing with the
nine obviously because it's a nine but
this one is pretty sick you have three
em here you have three em all going down
the swoosh yeah well through here and
then you have some like colic carbon
fiber and you have like a plastic
netting here I thought this was going to
dark or reflector but it's not and
neither is the green it's just a neon
green and then you have all reflector
coming down this way and then you have a
air force one little little metal yeah
and the leases also have three em on
them as well and then you have the Air
Force One on the tongue in that green
color and the souls where its glow in
the dark which looks sick using my
iphone to do this recording I usually
use my other camera so but this is just
a quick video and or one more thing on
the inside it says uh the people who
turn out best are those people who make
the best out of the way things turn out
and then you have some speckles here all
on them on the midsole pretty dope nigga
overall man
let me see if there's anything else on
this side all your success is never
final failures never fatal it's courage
that counts juste / you forget you too
quick video let me know which I think
hit that thumbs up if you liked this
nikka like the vet and I'll just let me
know broken oh dear